Time (sec) taken by BST (t1)
findWord() took 5e-06 sec to search for awakening
findWord() took 2e-05 sec to search for backstromite
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for clearings
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for dead-stick
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for epaule
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for flagfishes
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for galvanisation
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for hypodiazeuxis
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for impotentness
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for jeroboams
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for kindergartner
findWord() took 5e-06 sec to search for lackadaisy
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for mortiferous
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for nonplatitudinous
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for overlooseness
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for penny
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for quasi-instructed
findWord() took 5e-06 sec to search for re-extent
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for superrich
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for twenty-one
findWord() took 2e-06 sec to search for urchin
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for vesiculiferous
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for whamming
findWord() took 3e-06 sec to search for xerotripsis
findWord() took 2e-06 sec to search for yardage
findWord() took 4e-06 sec to search for zaneta

Time (sec) taken by AVL (t2)
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for awakening
findWord() took 2e-06sec to search for backstromite
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for clearings
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for dead-stick
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for epaule
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for flagfishes
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for galvanisation
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for hypodiazeuxis
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for impotentness
findWord() took 2e-06sec to search for jeroboams
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for kindergartner
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for lackadaisy
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for mortiferous
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for nonplatitudinous
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for overlooseness
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for penny
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for quasi-instructed
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for re-extent
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for superrich
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for twenty-one
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for urchin
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for vesiculiferous
findWord() took 4e-06sec to search for whamming
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for xerotripsis
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for yardage
findWord() took 3e-06sec to search for zaneta
